# .env File >=v0.2.4-alpha

* `QUOTE_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MS`: amount of time in milliseconds to wait between each search for an arb opportunity. The lower the number, the faster the bot will look for opportunities. If you have access to a Jup API with no rate limits then I suggest making this value < 300.
* `BORROW_ENABLED`: if this is true then you can make your max trade sizes greater than your balances (ONLY ENABLED FOR USDC AND SOL CURRENTLY). If the bot finds an opportunity with a trade size greater than your balance then it will use a Solend flash loan with a fee of 5 bps (0.05%) of the trade size. You only pay this fee if the transaction is successful. The fee is paid in the base token you borrow. \
  \
  Cons: on Solana there is a transaction size limit of 1232 bytes. Sometimes with the combination of opening token accounts, many hop swaps, and flash loans, the transaction can become too heavy and the blockchain will refuse to process it. Also, I think lighter transactions are prioritized. Maybe could be countered with high priority fee? Idk. Something to test.
* `RPC_URL`: RPC used for everything the bot needs to do EXCEPT send transactions
* `SEND_TXN_RPC_URL`: RPC dedicated to ONLY sending transactions
* `MAX_RETRIES`: read [here](https://solana.com/docs/core/transactions/retry)
* `WORKER_THREADS_ENABLED`: when true, spawns a worker thread for each baseConfig object that will run in parallel to each other. In theory, this should significantly improve performance for everyone with connections that are not heavily rate limited
*   `WRAP_UNWRAP_SOL_ENABLED`: When setting this to false the bot will assume you have a WSOL account (the token account for SOL). We'll see how to open a WSOL account below. \
    WARNING: versions \<v0.2.4-alpha of the bot will close a WSOL account on a successful transaction. So if you are running old versions parallel to latest versions, you will have conflicts when this variable = false\
    \
    **Open WSOL Token Account:**\


    * Install and configure the[ Solana CLI](https://docs.solanalabs.com/cli/install#use-solanas-install-tool)
    * `spl-token create-account So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112`
    * Send SOL to your new WSOL token account
    * `spl-token sync-native`&#x20;


* `SPAM_RPCS_ENABLED`: when true, the bot will spam all the RPC URLs in the rpcs.json file once each for every arb opportunity found. When the spam env variable is false, SEND\_TXN\_RPC\_URL is the only RPC used for sending transactions

```shellscript
JUPITER_URL=https://public.jupiterapi.com
RPC_URL=http://your.rpc.url
SEND_TXN_RPC_URL=http://your.rpc.url
PAYER_KEYPAIR_PATH=/full/path/to/payer/keypair.json
QUOTE_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MS=270
BORROW_ENABLED=false
MAX_RETRIES=100
WORKER_THREADS_ENABLED=true
WRAP_UNWRAP_SOL_ENABLED=true
SPAM_RPCS_ENABLED=false
```
