# .env

* `JUPITER_URL`: follow the tutorial for hosting your own Jupiter API [here](https://gist.github.com/doozy/6b15667d2bd3f242b57f26da63d5931f)
* `QUOTE_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MS`: amount of time in milliseconds to wait between each search for an arb opportunity. The lower the number, the faster the bot will look for opportunities. If you have access to a Jup API with no rate limits or you are hosting your own api (ask us how in Discord) then I suggest making this value < 50.
* `RPC_URL`: RPC used for reading methods. RPC used for everything the bot needs to do EXCEPT send transactions
* `SEND_TXN_RPC_URL`: RPC dedicated to ONLY sending transactions
* `MAX_RETRIES`: read [here](https://solana.com/docs/core/transactions/retry). This should be zero most of the time.
*   `WRAP_UNWRAP_SOL_ENABLED`: When setting this to false the bot will assume you have a WSOL account (the token account for SOL). We'll see how to open a WSOL account below. \
    WARNING: versions \<v0.2.4-alpha of the bot will close a WSOL account on a successful transaction. So if you are running old versions parallel to latest versions, you will have conflicts when this variable = false\
    \
    **Open WSOL Token Account:**\
    \
    **Go to our** [**beginner tutorial video**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNhc0KRa2AI) **at 1:20 or:**

    * Install and configure the[ Solana CLI](https://docs.solanalabs.com/cli/install#use-solanas-install-tool)
    * `spl-token create-account So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112`
    * Send SOL to your new WSOL token account
    * `spl-token sync-native`&#x20;


* `SPAM_RPCS_ENABLED`: when true, the bot will send a transaction to all the RPC URLs in the rpcs.json file once each for every arb opportunity found. **When this env variable is false, SEND\_TXN\_RPC\_URL is the only RPC used for sending transactions**
* `SPAM_RPCS_UNIQUE_TXNS`: only applies when SPAM\_RPCS\_ENABLED=true. When set to true, the bot will send a transaction with a unique signature and priority fee to each RPC in rpcs.json
* `AUTO_CREATE_ATA_BLACKLIST`: when true, bot automatically records what token accounts you have so it knows not to try to create them. This makes transactions faster.
* `BLOCK_ENGINE_URL`: URL(s) to send your Jito bundles to. Possible values are: \
  `amsterdam.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf | frankfurt.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf | ny.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf | tokyo.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf`\
  \
  You can send to multiple urls if you separate them with a comma like this:\
  \
  `BLOCK_ENGINE_URL=ny.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf,frankfurt.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf`
* `UPDATE_INTERVAL_MINUTES`: interval in minutes for updating:\
  \- includeMints.json\
  \- createAtaBlacklist.json\
  \- rpcs.json\
  \
  For most users this will mainly be helpful for updating createAtaBlacklist.json and changing these files without having to restart the bot. For more technical users, this can be very helpful if you want to implement your own way of updating includedMints.json with mints newly trending tokens.
* `SOL_PRICE_OVERRIDE_INT`: price of SOL in USD as an integer to use if the bot can't find the actual price. The bot needs to know the price of SOL so it can properly calculate Jito tips. The larger this value, the safer the calculation would be in the unlikely case where the bot can't find the price of SOL in USD.
* `INCLUDE_MEMO_IXN`: boolean variable for including a memo instruction in your transaction that would show useful data like the name of the worker responsible for the transaction, RPC used (api keys are hidden), etc.
* `HELIUS_API_KEY`: your Helius api key to be used for fetching suggested priority fees to be used with your Helius transactions if enabled.
* `DEBUG`: set this to true for detailed logs.\

* ~~`BORROW_ENABLED`~~: **Unavailable right now.** if this is true then you can make your max trade sizes greater than your balances (ONLY ENABLED FOR USDC AND SOL CURRENTLY). If the bot finds an opportunity with a trade size greater than your balance then it will use a Solend flash loan with a fee of 5 bps (0.05%) of the trade size. You only pay this fee if the transaction is successful. The fee is paid in the base token you borrow. \
  \
  Cons: on Solana there is a transaction size limit of 1232 bytes. Sometimes with the combination of opening token accounts, many hop swaps, and flash loans, the transaction can become too heavy and the blockchain will refuse to process it. Also, I think lighter transactions are prioritized. Maybe could be countered with high priority fee? Idk. Something to test.

```shellscript
JUPITER_URL=https://public.jupiterapi.com
RPC_URL=http://your.rpc.url
SEND_TXN_RPC_URL=http://your.rpc.url
PAYER_KEYPAIR_PATH=/full/path/to/payer/keypair.json
QUOTE_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MS=280
MAX_RETRIES=10
WRAP_UNWRAP_SOL_ENABLED=false
SPAM_RPCS_ENABLED=false
SPAM_RPCS_UNIQUE_TXNS=false
AUTO_CREATE_ATA_BLACKLIST=true
BLOCK_ENGINE_URL=ny.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf,frankfurt.mainnet.block-engine.jito.wtf
UPDATE_INTERVAL_MINUTES=60
```
